parsing for the project Sung time point ru
Hello everyone, let's go straight to
parsing and so we hold the fifth on the second
4 on 4 and third on fourth
playing 5 4 3 4 next
hold the third string on the third fret
middle finger let go of the little finger
and pull the third string and then do
hummer on 4 frets little finger play 5 4
third fourth doing hamster
then play 4 3
5 4 3 4
number 4 3 again
and
you
go further index finger hold
the sixth string in the second fret
We play the same thing only in bass
we are now the sixth string note
first chord
Further, the third chord is essentially we need
just press
the sixth string on the fourth fret but it
inconvenient to make the index finger
so we will change a few fingers q
that is, we will hold the sixth string on
fourth fret
middle finger but at this moment with
Hammer third string, we will keep
forefinger and play all too
the most
let's connect part 1
the third
further 4 let go of the middle finger he we
we will play the sixth open
and with the index we press the second string
on the second fret we play like this 6 4 3 4 2
3 2 3
6 4 3 4 2 3 4 3
again
and go again then goes the bridge between to
so at the first we clamp barre on
fourth fret and we clamp 3 and 4 strings
on the sixth fret
play the same sort as we play
The last part of the verse is this one
only 5 strings and play twice
further we shift all this in the seventh mode
play again
and then play a chord e and on it
spend
all times bridge
next comes the refrain the refrain is played on
such chords chord already fps gillies
minor and chord e
play three hits and then so little
knocking two blows
this lesson is complete subscribe to
channel put likes like everybody thanks